Frank. are you there?
Where are you?
I'm getting worried about you. bud.
Frank. will you answer me already?
Where are you. old buddy?
Go ahead. Connie. It's Maggie here.
Station just called.
Cell company got a Chelsea's phone
about a kilometer off the highway.
in the woods near 98.
We're close by. We'll head there now.
Almost there. On the way.
Okay. uh. if we don't head back to
the station and get the ambulance
and our gear just in case
medical assistance is needed.
just let us know what you
find when you get there.
Copy that.
I guess Frank got here first.
Yeah.
Frank?
Chelsea!
Oh. my God! Frank! Frank!
He's been shot!
Frank. can you hear
me? We need help.
Frank. it's me.
I'm here. It's Maggie. Please.
Please stay with me. Please help me.
We found her phone.
Otherwise. there's no sign of her.
I think whoever did this must have her.
Hurry.
30 pulse. Diminished chest sounds.
I heard the wound sucking air.
The bullet must have hit his lung.
We need to seal this before he suffocates.
Okay. okay. Uh. what can I do?
I need to make an occlusive dressing.
Do you have your
wallet on you? Uh. yeah.
Give me one of your plastic
cards. and I need to secure it.
Do you have a first-aid kit in the truck?
Uh. yeah. I think so.
Go! Go!
It's okay. Frank. Just hold on.
It's all happening.
Give me some wipes.
Okay.
And then I need strips of duct tape.
That good? Yeah.
That's it.
One side needs to stay open
so that the air can get out.
I just hope it'll hold.
Frank! Frank!
Can you breathe? Is it better now?
Let's roll him over.
Lambda.
What? Lambda?
What's lambda? Lambda kappa.
I don't understand.
The two guys at karaoke the other night.
they were wearing fraternity ball caps.
and then they invited
us back to their cabin.
They said something about Route 17.
Maggie. come!
Stop!
Frank! Frank!
Who did this?
There were guys at the diner
the other night making trouble.
We think it was them.
How bad is it?
Well. it's Grace's lung.
I've got his breathing
under control. but he
needs to get to a hospital.
Frankie! Frankie!
Come on. stay with us.
Hey. buddy. Hey.
Hey. buddy.
What's his status?
Well. it punctured his left lung. a sucking
chest wound. I've improvised his seal.
but he's bleeding a lot. so I
don't know how long it'll hold.
No sign of tension in the thorax yet.
Got it.
I'll go with him. No. Sully.
Someone needs to stay
until I know what happened.
We're taking him to regional.
All right. ready? Okay.
Okay.
And up.
I've got his head.
Oh. there you go.
Hey.
Hey. There we go.
Hey. Hey.
How you doing. pal? Yeah.
No. no. no.
Tell Edna that I love her.
No. No. You're gonna do that yourself.
Okay? All right.
Cal. Where are you going?
I don't have time to explain.
I'll see you back at the outpost.
I got her. Sully. I got her.
Okay. okay.
Okay.
Hey.
Stay with me. buddy.
Where are the
Smiths?
They're inside. Did you find Chelsea?
What is it?
It's Frank.
What about him? I saw him.
I saw him. He's gonna be fine.
okay?
He's been shot.
What?
Uh. I don't understand.
He's in an ambulance on the
way to Timberlake Regional.
What? Who?
He was at the bay lease.
They think it's the people who
took Chelsea and did this. okay?
I have to stay here with the Smiths.
but Connie's sending you somewhere.
Take your right to her.
No. I gotta go. I gotta go.
I gotta go. All right. sit down. Sit down.
Come on. Okay.
Stay with me. There we go.
Okay. There you go.
Okay.
He's gonna be fine.
He's okay.
He has to be.
Please let him be alright.
There's a gray SUV.
It matches the description.
Looks like it's from out of town.
Cal for search and rescue.
I think we found the SUV.
Cal. it's Tom.
Where are you?
We're at the cabins on Route 17.
Found an SUV.
Ontario plates match in the description.
On my way.
You two sit tight.
Call me if you see any
sign of the perps or Chelsea.
Copy that.
And whatever you
do. don't engage. Understood?
You got it.
That's one of the guys from the diner.
And that's Chelsea's backpack.
Looks like they're getting ready to go.
Maggie.
I'm not just gonna sit
here and watch them leave.
Maggie.
Okay. Looks like we're gonna do this.
This isn't right. We should let her go.
She can tell everyone what really happened.
It was an accident.
Your gun just went off.
I've got a prior. I'm not going to jail.
I don't want any part of this.
If I go down. you go down.
You answer that.
Not a single word.
Go get rid of whoever's outside.
Hey.
Sorry to bother you.
My car just broke down.
I was hoping I could borrow your phone.
Don't you have a
cell? Battery died.
Oh...
It'll just take a minute.
Yeah.
I saw you at karaoke. didn't I?
What?
The tequila shots. Remember?
The gorgeous redhead.
Yeah. Right.
You want to show me that
hot tub you were talking about?
I'll get my jumpers from the car.
and then I can give you a boost.
What did you do to Chelsea?
She's inside!
If you've hurt
her... Let him go!
It was an accident.
Shut up. Cliff!
Don't say anything!
Don't take another step!
What are you doing?
What are you going to shoot me too?
Put the gun down.
Come on.
You're not going to hurt anybody else.
Shut up! I'm not going to jail.
Daryl. just do what he says.
Be quiet! I've got to think!
You're not going to make it worse. kid.
Hey. you can still make this right.
It's Daryl. right?
Yeah.         Yeah.
Don't just look at me. Daryl.
My name is Maggie Sullivan.
My mother is Phoebe.
My father is Sully Sullivan.
He owns a campground around here.
No. I know you're scared.
Phoebe. you're not a bad guy.
This is just a mistake. right?
It was an accident.
I didn't mean for the gun to go off.
What are you doing?
I just want the gun.
It's okay.
Hands above your heads!!
On the ground!
Do it now!
You are under arrest.
Do not resist! Give her your hand!
It was an accident.
I thought I told you to stay put.
I'm so sorry.
Chelsea.
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
No.
I'm so sorry.
Watch your head..
I thought I told you to stay put.
What were you thinking?
There was no time to think.
Right.
Well... You'll both need
to come to the station.
Give me your statements.
If it's okay with you. Maggie would like
to take Chelsea back to her family first.
They're waiting for her at the outpost.
Fine.
Mom!
Oh. Chelsea!
I'm sorry. So sorry.
All that matters
is that you're safe.
Oh. God.
I'm sorry.
Come here.
We missed you so much.
We were so worried about you.
I just want you to know I would
never have stopped looking for you.
I'll never do it again.
Never.
It's okay.
I love you so much. baby.
We love you so much.
Even your brother missed you.
It's okay.
We're so glad you're back.
Thank you.
Can't believe they wouldn't let me visit.
Frank's gonna think I don't care.
No. it's hospital policy.
It's family only.
I'm sure he'll understand.
Frank is family.
Hey. did you get a statement out of Frank?
He's not pressing charges.
What?
Said it was an accident.
Wasn't racially motivated. so...
So you're just gonna let these guys get
away with shooting him? Of course not.
They're facing multiple charges.
We're just glad that Frank
and Chelsea are okay.
You should be.
I'm sorry.
I have no idea what you were thinking.
Taking matters into
your own hands like that?
You not only risked your own life.
you could have cost Chelsea hers.
If it wasn't for Maggie. you
wouldn't have found Chelsea.
You should be thanking
her. not insulting her.
Excuse me.
Let's go see Frank.
♪ Hearts like leaves ♪
♪ They float alone ♪
♪ Where. oh. where Do they belong? ♪
♪ Hearts like leaves They ♪
♪ float around... ♪
Sully. you good?
Huh?
You good?
Yeah. I'm fine.
The doctor said he was really lucky.
You hadn't have been there?
Oh. he's gonna be okay.
When do you think he's
gonna get out of here?
Umm..
♪ Won't you give a heart a time? ♪
They've got him on some
pretty heavy medication.
but other than that.
everything looks good.
You think I'll be able
to take him home soon?
He'll need some time to recover still.
He's been sleeping a lot.
That's normal.
I'm not used to seeing him like this.
Oh. he's always been a tough one.
You'll see it.
He'll be back to his old self real soon.
When was the last time you
ate something? I can't leave.
What if he wakes up?
You want any help if you're sick?
Just go to the cafeteria and get some food.
I don't want him to be alone.
If something were to
happen...
I'll be here. No need to worry.
Okay.
Maybe for just a bit.
but if he wakes up. you call me.
Got it.
Okay.
♪ Float until it's high ♪
♪ It's gone Yeah. ♪
I brought your book.
You always wanted to be
the center of attention.
You went a little too far this
time. don't you think?
Get all the rest you need. old buddy.
I'm right here.
I'll get you back to your old self.
Can't do it without your pal.
Hey. Roy.
Oh. Sully.
Lola told me what happened with Frank.
How's he doing?
Thankfully. he is on the mend.
Oh. good.
Hey. Sully.
Maggie? Lola.
How are you feeling?
Oh. well. the antibiotics
they gave me are pretty
strong. but they seem
to be doing the trick.
I wanted to tell you how
grateful I am for all your help.
Thank you.
Oh. I'm just glad to
see you're feeling better.
I'd be happy to come check
in on you later if you'd like.
No need.
I've got everything under control.
Thanks.
Let's get you home. Granddad.
We'll see you later?
Mm.
Bye.
I gotta get back to the shop.
Lord knows what Jackson's getting into.
Hey.
How's Frank?
Uh. doctors say he's gonna
make a complete recovery.
Wouldn't be the same here without him.
Nah. neither would Sully.
Ain't that the truth.
What can I get you?
Uh. anything to erase the
memory of bad hospital food.
How about an open-faced
hot turkey sandwich?
With fries? You got it.
Hey. that's on the house. by the way.
Oh. you don't have to do that.
Least I can do after your recent heroics.
Not everyone seems to share your sentiment.
What's up?
No. I ran into Tom at the hospital.
and he was pretty angry
at me for interfering.
Oh.
That's Tom.
Straight and
narrow-by-the-books kind of guy.
That's why him and Connie are splitting up.
I didn't know they were together.
Yeah. They've been married a long time.
but she decided that
they're no longer a good fit.
He's been miserable ever since.
Oh.
Well. maybe that's why
you're so testy at the hospital.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. where's Sydney?
She's at the baseball tournament with Finn.
My boy better hit me a home run.
Let me get that sandwich.
Thank you.
Hey. babe.
I was beginning to worry.
I left you messages. You never called back.
Yeah. things have gotten really busy here.
You know how it goes. right?
Um. I actually want to tell
you what happened here.
Yeah. I'm coming. I'm coming.
Give me a sec.
Honey. I gotta go.
I got a pancreatic duendectomy.
I gotta get done.
Really? A whipple?
I'll call you later. okay? I love you. Bye.
Hey. Maggie.
Hey.
Sully asked me to come help out.
Oh. great. Thanks.
And Edna told me to remind you to
use a calculator when you cash out.
Yeah.
I messed up once last week.
and she won't let me forget.
Uh. also. I heard that
your parents are separating.
It's gotta be hard.
You doing okay?
Yeah.
Um. I'm kind of figuring out
how to split my time between them.
Hmm.
I guess it was different for you.
Yeah. well. one of my parents
divorced. so I didn't hear much from Sully.
Didn't you visit him?
I tried.
Yeah. once. um.
on a high school summer vacation. I came
back. but it... it didn't go well. so I.
.. I left.
Oh. um.
I... I have to sign some
guests up for climbing lessons.
Are you good? Good.
Okay. thanks.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. there. stranger.
I haven't seen you in a few days.
I was beginning to worry
that maybe you'd left.
Yeah. after our little adventure.
I just needed a little time by myself.
Yeah.
How about you? How you doing?
I normally love an adrenaline
rush. but that was a lot. even for me.
I'm just... I'm glad
you were there.
Thank you.
I gotta say.
I have to hand it to
you. you were. uh.....
pretty incredible.
Doctor. Sully.
Well. you had some pretty
slick moves there yourself.
Wasn't expecting that.
Yeah. I spent six months
on the wrestling team.
Guess it finally paid off.
Ooh.
Wait? The fridge is
broken?
Uhh..  Yeah..
And apparently Sully won't
let Edna buy a new one.
You want me to take a look at it?
I didn't realize you had a
degree in antique appliance repair.
Well. I guess there's a lot we
don't know about each other.
Hmm.
All right.
Hey.
I'm Jackson Canaday.
the climbing instructor.
Heard you were looking
to sign up for lessons.
Hey. Nathan. It's good to meet you.
My son.
Caleb. you want to come out?
Uh. for some reason. my son has
developed a fear of heights recently.
Thought maybe this would be
a good way to get him over that.
Right. Caleb?
Nice to meet you.
Yeah. Uh. I just need you
to sign this waiver.
You sure this is safe?
Oh. yeah. it's standard.
Nothing to worry about.
Heights just make me really anxious lately.
No one falls on my climbs.
You sound pretty confident.
Yeah. I've been doing this a long time.
So you're fully certified. right?
Oh. yeah. definitely.
And I've worked with a
lot of nervous climbers.
Well. it looks like I'm
in good hands. then.
Great. Uh. just come up to
the outpost when you're ready.
Yeah. Thanks for taking him up.
Yeah.
It's gonna be good for him.
You all right? Yeah.
Now...  Reconnect the
three-in-one relay starter.
Done.
Making sure to clean the lead first.
Oops.
All right.
Well. let's see if it worked.
You wanna plug it in and
pray for the best? Of course.
All right. And... Hey.
That might just be my
most satisfying surgery yet.
That's good.
You work good.
Hi.
Can I help you?
Uh. hi.
Yeah.
I was just curious what
you've got here for fishing gear.
Uh. well. what are you hoping to catch?
Rainbow trout. if I'm lucky.
All right.
Well. you're gonna want some scented bait
and floater hooks to
stay close to the surface.
Uh. thanks very much.
Probably gonna be my son's
last healthy meal for a while.
Wouldn't be surprised
to find out it's nothing but
greasy burgers at the
dorm cafeteria come the fall.
I remember those days.
Thanks again. Good luck.
Probably gonna need it.
You're an expert angler. too?
Oh. um... Sully used to take
me out a lot when I was younger.
How long's it been
since you've gone?
Give or take about 15 years.
You know. I could really
go for a day out on the water.
How about you? I have to
stay and help out at the store.
Sully's a little short-handed.
but I'd nut the hospital.
Yeah. No. of course.
Um... Have a good time. then.
See ya. Bye.
Uh. Sullivan's crossing.
No. sorry. he's not here right now.
Can I take a message?
Okay.
I will let him know.
Thank you. Bye.
Ugh.
Hey. you just missed a call.
Oh.
What's wrong with the fridge?
I don't hear that wheezing sound anymore.
Uh. Cal and I operated on it.
Wow. Well. if that's the case. I
got a busted lawnmower out back.
Need some attention.
Uh. Mr. Blake called.
He needs to pull up your meeting.
Was hoping you could come in today.
Who's Mr. Blake?
None of your business.
That's who.
I see you've been banking
with us for quite some time.
Over 40 years.
And you've got a pretty big loan
with outstanding payments.
We. uh. we're expecting
our best season ever.
Okay. and. uh.
I just need another extension. so...
I know things have been tough lately.
especially for smaller
businesses such as yours.
But the bank can
only do so much.
I'm gonna need you to
make good on your payments.
or I'm afraid we'll be
forced to foreclose.
Sullivan's Crossing has been in my family
for generations.
You can't just sit there and
threaten to take my campground.
I-I'm afraid you're not leaving us
at any other options. Mr. Sullivan.
Have you thought of selling?
I can put you in touch with
a-a few people who I know.
I am not gonna sit here
and listen to this nonsense.
I can give you till the end of next month.
but I'm afraid that's the best I can do.
Hey. honey. sorry. I was.
uh. I was just about to call you.
How'd the Whipple go? Uh. good.
uh. really great. actually. but I'm being.
uh. I'm being pulled into a ventral hernia
right now. Can I call you later? Sure.
Why don't we. let's do something.
like a-a virtual dinner date tonight.
You can tell me everything
that's going on with you. It'll be fun.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Thought you weren't coming.
Well. Sully came back in a
worse mood than when he left.
so I figured fishing with
you is a safer option.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
It's all in the wrist.
It's hard to believe we
haven't done this in 15 years.
I guess it's in the genes.
I guess so.
Okay. your turn.
All right. here goes something.
I am so sorry.
I thought you said you'd fished before.
I never said I was any good at it.
You have to pull the bail
arm back before you cast.
Okay.
So you have to hold this down
with one finger and then
you flip the bail arm and
you release it as you cast.
Okay..
Protect yourself.
Better!
Woo hoo hoo!
You didn't almost take
my eye out with that one.
Cal.....  Amity?
Hey. Sully.      Hey.
Did you get
Roy home all right? Mm-hmm.
Everything okay?
No.
Just... Between my
school and my work.
I think Granddad
needs in-home care.
His insurance barely
covers his daily visits
and the doctor said that I have to
install handrails for him and I just...
I'm honestly just feeling really overwhelmed
with everything that's going on and I.
..
Sully. no.
I can't take that.
You take it. Yes yes yes...
No. no. no. I don't want that.
You're doing fine. I want you to have it.
That's not what I came here for.
It's okay. it's okay.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Thank you. Sully.
You're a good girl.
Go take care of him. okay?
Okay. thank you.
It's so quiet out here.
It almost makes me forget
how much I miss the city.
Ooh! Uh-oh.
Oh. I think we got a big one.
Oh!
All right. come on. pull it in.
Pull it in.
Come on. There we
go. Oh. my goodness.
Oh. she's a big one.
Got her.
All right. Walk me back.
Walk me back.
A big one.
You okay? Yeah.
Here. let me have a look.
It's not too deep.
One sec...
I think you're gonna be okay.
You sure? Uh-huh.
Don't think you need any stitches.
What's that? Liquid bandage.
Liquid?
Ahhh... I should probably
be heading back...
You know. I have a crazy thought.
How about I grill this bad boy up for us?
It'll be a fair trade
for the lesson.
Uh... Yeah. why not?
I'll just go home and freshen up quick.
Meet me at my cabin. An hour.
Okay.
Make sure to keep your wound clean.
You got it.
Oh. hey. You hungry? I
can make you a sandwich.
Actually. I have dinner plans tonight.
Oh.
Thanks for watching the store today.
Yeah. no problem.
Aren't too many customers. anyway.
Is that normal?
Well. it's...
It's the beginning of the season.
It's bound to pick up.
Yeah.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just... I just have a bit
of a headache and I'm really tired.
He's gonna be okay. Sully.
Hmm?
Frank. he's gonna be okay.
It must have been hard
for you. seeing him like that.
I know how close you two are.
You know. it... It might be a good idea to
talk to somebody about how you're feeling.
Lay on some couch.
Open up to a stranger.
Couldn't hurt..
Like I said. I'm just...
I'm just really tired.
I wanted to thank you for standing
up for me at the hospital today.
Uh. Tom was out of wine.
That meant a lot to me.
Uh. you're welcome.
Oh!
All right.
I'll see you in the morning.
Hello?
Hi. Maggie. it's Scott Mehin.
The deposition has been scheduled
for a couple of weeks from now.
Their lawyer is tough.
We'll need to make sure you're prepared.
This could get bumpy.
Bye.
Hey!   Hey!
Smells good.
Be ready in just a few minutes.
Can I get you something to drink?
Yes. Please.
White wine okay?
Sure.
Beautiful.
Here you go.
Nothing but the finest.
You look worried.
I am.
Miss Sully mentioned
something about a lawsuit.
Did he tell you what it was about?
No.
The mother of one of my patients is
blaming me for the death of her son.
It's pretty common.
Actually. it's one of the
downsides of being a neurosurgeon.
It's just. um.
it's my first one.
First litigation can
be really scary.
You sound like a lawyer.
It's because I am.
I had no idea.
Did the clothes
throw you off?
A little.
What kind of lawyer?
Defense attorney.
Really? Yeah.
All right.
So. what brings you out here
to Sullivan's Crossing then?
Just needed to sort through a few things.
About coming out here. it might
help give me a little perspective.
It's a good place for that.
Now. come on.
How are you planning on
preparing for this deposition?
Virtually with my attorney. I guess.
Really. it's something you
should do in person. face-to-face.
Okay. look.
I can't offer you any legal advice.
but I can help you prepare
for the type of questions I'll ask.
If you like.
That would be great.
Thank you.
There we go.
All right.
"Hi. You've reached Maggie Sullivan.
Please leave a message."
Maggie? What happened to our date?
Call me.
Well. I'm really impressed. Callico.
That might be the greatest
grilled trout I've ever had.
Well. I'm glad to hear I'm a
better cook than I am a fisherman. Yeah.
I love this song.
Cal?   Cal?
Huh? I'm sorry.
I just. um...
I think I'm just tired.
Mind if we call
it a night?
Sure. Yeah.
Um..
You okay?
Yeah.
All right.
Thanks for your dinner.
Mr. Phillips. Hey. it's. uh. Sully Sullivan
again from Sullivan's Crossing Campground.
Listen. I want to talk to you about
opening up a line of credit at the bank.
When you get this message.
if you'd call me back.
I'd appreciate it. You have my number.
Thanks.